Zhang Liang, Zhang Liang.
Of course it's you.
What?
What did I do?
What is this?
You're pretending with me.
Hey, what did I think you were going to do?
Is Little Yang looking for you?
Let you help him.
Isn't he pregnant with my baby?
As much as he wants, I'll give it to him. You can say anything between us. Just be clear.
You said that the brotherhood between us for so many years is not even equal to a woman.
His story has nothing to do with me.
But we'll be here tonight.
Translate it, I have to wait for a result.
Your phone is powered off.
Can't explain
I told you, why did you come back?
What?
How did you find this place?
Don t you want to kill me?
Then kill him first.
You shot me.
No, no.
Why don't you shoot him? You shoot him.
Okay, I admit I was wrong about you.
Come here.